update the title and the links for kitchen-sink (#93)
NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web: kitchen-sink/README.md

[Jurriaan H. Spaaks](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-7064-4069), [Adam Belloum](https://orcid.org/0000-0001-6306-6937), and
[Christiaan Meijer](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-5529-5761)._

# C++ web app with WebAssembly, Vega, Web Worker and React

In previous blogs in the series we learned

> * [using C++ in a web app with WebAssembly](TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [using C++ in a web app with WebAssembly](../webassembly/README.md)
```

> * [how to perform computations without blocking the user interface](TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [how to perform computations without blocking the user interface](../web-worker/README.md)
```

> * [how to interact with your C++ web app using React forms](TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [how to interact with your C++ web app using React forms](../react/README/md)
```

Author: there is a typo. updated the link myself.

> * [how to visualize data from the algorithm](TODO)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [how to visualize data from the algorithm](../vega/README.md)
```

## React

> In the [React blog post](TODO) we wrote several React components to make a form let's re-use most of it, but instead of calling the WebAssembly module directly we will use a Web Worker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [React blog post](../react/README.md) we wrote several React components to make a form let's re-use most of it, but instead of calling the WebAssembly module directly we will use a Web Worker.
```

## Visualization

> In the visualization [blog](TODO) post we used Vega-Lite to make 2 plots. Let's connect these 2 plots into a single visualization where zooming and panning in one plot will be reflected in other plot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the visualization [blog](../vega/README.md) post we used Vega-Lite to make 2 plots. Let's connect these 2 plots into a single visualization where zooming and panning in one plot will be reflected in other plot.
```

Visiting the page at [http://localhost:8000/app.html](http://localhost:8000/app.html) should give us a plot like

[![Image](app.gif)](https://github.com/NLESC-JCER/run-cpp-on-web/blob/master/kitchen-sink/app.html)

> (Click on image to get interactive version)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

(Click on image to get interactive version)
```

Reviewer: otherwise it doenst render correcfly
